Welcome to this South City Auction
The purpose of this auction is to maintain a focus on public welfare
Poverty Alleviation South City
Pass on love
I declare the auction officially open
First of all, our first lot today
South African diamond
Starting price 1 million
1.10 million 1.20 million
1.80 million this, actually come to the market
No collection value
Important to remember later
1.80 million anyone increase the price?
1.80 million time
1.80 million twice
1.80 million three times
Done. Congratulations, sir
Please come to the stage to pick up your order.
The next open product is rumored to be the founding ancestor of the building
That is the taste used by the descendants of the Dragon Palace
Red Dragon
This lot
The building was robbed by an overseas city a hundred years ago
I was fortunate to be back in our building today.
It is precious
heavy building
It seems true
I must get it back today
The sword belonging to my ancestors of the Dragon Palace
To console our ancestors
Founding ancient times
If you give it to Mr. Shen
Isn't it a track with heroes?
At that time, it will definitely be tilted towards our Qin family
Hob Resources
The starting price is 50 million, everyone starts bidding
50 million
Two hundred million.